{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red16\green60\blue192;\red255\green255\blue255;\red249\green249\blue249;
\red26\green26\blue26;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.dropbox.com/sh/cea21h7qd93acfy/AACCDZf9A3A8B9Jr9GyYwr_7a?dl=0"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 https://www.dropbox.com/sh/cea21h7qd93acfy/AACCDZf9A3A8B9Jr9GyYwr_7a?dl=0}}
\f0\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl371\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.dropbox.com/sh/kpkz01mw4j88cya/AACt67FKU6ZeJHzHtSkFPxc1a?dl=0"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1 \cf2 \cb4 \ulc2 https://www.dropbox.com/sh/kpkz01mw4j88cya/AACt67FKU6ZeJHzHtSkFPxc1a?dl=0}}\cf5 \cb1 \ulnone \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
First Query/Answer:\
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1J-vMFyWPa8i0IRAW11TIkpDmPtGgsX70zLvYrvwY2W4/edit\
\
Next Question:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26 \cf5 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 From App Team:
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 1. You have clarify our question as that consultant can call back the customer from call history. But now we have a confusion that if it happens then from whose account payment will be made with respect to length of the call?\cb1 \
\
\cb3 2. In last mail we send the scope. You don't provide any feedback. Is it approved?\cb1 \
\
\cb3 3. If that scope is approved then can you please provide the warframe?\cb1 \
\
\cb3 4. Payment for calling need to be discussed. As after calling according to the duration how payment will be made from customer's account? If there will not have sufficient money then what should be done?\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\b \cf5 \cb3 From Web Admin Team:
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\b \cf5 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf5 \cb3 Regarding query #6 >>>> Can you please elaborate about the notification which admin can send from admin panel? At what condition & how it will happen?\
}